---
layout: page
title:  readme
date:   2015-07-14 16:32:00
categories: CHH, creativehothouse
---

# CHH Docs

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Where to start?](#where-to-start)
- [Documentation Structure](#documentation-structure)
- [Per-app Documentation](#per-app-documentation)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

Welcome to the Creative HotHouse documentation repository!

Wether you are an [Android developer](/mobile/README.md), [backend developer](/api/README.md), an [iOS developer](/api/README.md), a [designer](/design/README.md), someone from [product design](/product/README.md), business development, or from communication, here you'll find answers to many of your questions.

## Where to start?
If you're new to all of this, and just to give you a quick start, you should make sure you review four different resources:

1. **[Basic services:](/general/README.md)** Just to get started, the basic communication tools you'll need, a sort of checklist to make sure everything is on track.
2. **[Department-specific documentation:](#documentation-structure)** Here is where you can find all documentation that is specific to your department.
3. **[Our apps:](/general/ourapps.md)** Even though you only may be working on two or three apps, at any given time, there are plenty of projects going on. Read this to get to know past, present and future projects.
4. **[CHH Site:](http://www.creativehothouse.com)** Even though you've probably already seen this, don't miss the chance to look into it again, discover who your other workmates are in our other offices, see what everyone does, and discover a bit more about our mission with the [I've been a Child](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypz6-2rCa9M) video.

## Documentation Structure
The documentation is divided into several large sections, each of these represents a specific step in the development process.

1. **[API:](/api/README.md)** This is where all back-end and API relevant documentation goes.
2. **[Design:](/design/README.md)** This is where all design related documentation can be found.
3. **[General:](/general/README.md)** This is where all documentation that isn't specific to a department can be found.
4. **[Mobile:](/mobile/README.md)** This is where all mobile development related documentation can be found. Specific documentation for [Android can be found here](/mobile/android.md), and [iOS can be found here](/mobile/ios.md).
5. **[Product:](/product/README.md)** This is where all documentation related to product design can be found, including [examples](/product/SAMPLE.md).
6. **[Web:](/web/README.md)** This is where all documentation related to front end can be found. This also includes backend details not covered in the [API section](/api/README.md).

## Per-app Documentation
Aside from the documentation on CHH processes, this repository also contains the documentation for each of our apps, including both Mobile and Web products.

- Ayo
- Belajoo
- **[Chopchat](/apps/chopchat)**
- **[Clipster](/apps/clipster)**
- Demoda
- Dokdokter
- **[Fotoku](/apps/fotoku)**
- **[Giggo](/apps/giggo)**
- **[Jet8](/apps/jet8)**
- **[Kungfood](/apps/kungfood)**
- **[LegaTalk](/apps/legatalk)**
- **[Lolabuy](/apps/lolabuy)**
- **[Onsale](/apps/onsale)**
- **[Pletoon](/apps/pletoon)**
- Propathai
- **[Radyo](/apps/radyo)**
- **[Stikibro](/apps/stikibro)**
